jorell: <@jorell|jorell> has joined the channel
evan: <@evan|evan> has joined the channel
mattmcmurray: <@mattmcmurray|mattmcmurray> has joined the channel
mattmcmurray: Wuddup
mattmcmurray: We should probably try and have legit sprint planning meetings once a week. That was my group's downfall in SE1
jorell: <!channel> I\u2019m down with that. Are you guys free anytime tomorrow so we can just get a head start on this?
keanek: <@keanek|keanek> has joined the channel
keanek: I've got class from 1:30-2:20pm tomorrow, I could hang around afterwards.
steve: <@steve|steve> has joined the channel
steve: im free at that time as well.
jorell: Cool. I'll be there for that time then. Hopefully <@mattmcmurray> and <@evan> will both be free as well :simple_smile:
caleb: <@caleb|caleb> has joined the channel
caleb: Yup, I have an hour free at 2:20
evan: I can meet at 220 too


mattmcmurray: Same here 
evan: Where did we want to meet?
mattmcmurray: Resource room?
evan: Works for me
mattmcmurray: Grabbing coffee and I'll be up in 5 mins
jorell: Student ids please.
caleb: <!everyone>:  give me student ID plz
mattmcmurray: 7695520
steve: 7712818
evan: 7618382
evan: set up a reminder to \u201cResearch meteor framework and flask framework\u201d in this channel at 5pm Sunday, January 10th, Central Standard Time. 


jorell: <!channel>: if we go the study buddy tindr. We can call it Nrds?
jorell: Have you guys joined the trello?
jorell: Nvm, figured it out. 
caleb: I'm proud of you, <@jorell>


USLACKBOT: Reminder: Research meteor framework and flask framework.


jorell: <!channel>: resource room?
mattmcmurray:  :thumbsup: 
caleb: if you insist
evan: Just got out of class, be there soon
mattmcmurray: I'll be throwing all the meeting notes into this one document. I'll just append a couple pages each time we have a meeting. <https:\/\/docs.google.com\/document\/d\/1zamOyRtMqXNgGAJmXcRp66_HBTKQA3h-N-MVJcS5tWQ\/edit?usp=sharing>


mattmcmurray: I have to take off a bit early today, are you guys okay with meeting tomorrow at 2:30 to discuss vision statement and tasks?
caleb: I think that's okay with me
evan: Yeah that works for me too
mattmcmurray: Perf
mattmcmurray: I'm gonna set up the github tonight, so when you all have the chance, send me your usernames in a direct message 
mattmcmurray: <!channel> 
jorell: Since we\u2019re using NodeJS we have to agree on a programming pattern.
jorell: *design patterns. haha
mattmcmurray: As in like MVC vs. 3 layer, etc?
jorell: Nope. That\u2019s more of architecture. Like how we\u2019re actually writing the code.
mattmcmurray: Gotcha. Yeah, let's talk about that at tomorrow's meeting as well. 
jorell: <https:\/\/addyosmani.com\/resources\/essentialjsdesignpatterns\/book\/#designpatternsjavascript>
jorell: An open-source book on JavaScript Design Patterns
mattmcmurray: I'll read through that tonight 
evan: Did we want to outline a structured git workflow based off of sprint iterations, or are we just gonna pull out of master and merge back?
caleb: I think we're at least going to have a dev branch for each iteration, and will get merged with master each iteration
caleb: beyond that not sure
mattmcmurray: I was thinking similar to Norima, <@evan> 
jorell: Another topic for tomorrow.
mattmcmurray: A branch for each iteration and feature branches are merged in. 
mattmcmurray: But yeah, something to talk about tomorrow for sure 
evan: Yeah, that makes the most sense to me if we have to revert to a previous version for some reason . But yeah we can talk about it tomorrow.
keanek: Meeting at the resource room again tomorrow?
mattmcmurray: Yup yup


mattmcmurray: GitHub page is all set up and meeting notes are updated <https:\/\/github.com\/MattMcMurray\/softeng2>
mattmcmurray: softeng2 - A project for Software Engineering 2 at the University of Manitoba
steve: sweet, im going to get started on the vision statment. anyone know how we're supposed to send messages on githhub? we're supposed to communicate using github aren't we?


caleb: wait, really?
steve: Yeah they want to see everything you've talked about 
caleb: can we just get a transcript off of slack and put it in the repo?
mattmcmurray: I think he means as far as issue tracking goes. But we should clarify in class today
jorell: I\u2019m going to be missing class today. Can someone let me know if he mentions anything important? Term test dates specifically.
mattmcmurray: Will do
evan: Same here, just landed in Toronto
mattmcmurray: Yeah man. I can send you guys my onenote page of notes for today
jorell: :heart:
mattmcmurray: I'm gonna try and get a skeleton hello world app set up in the repo tonight and make sure there's a script to install all dependencies so we can hit the ground running for iteration 1
mattmcmurray: Also, do we want to use a styling framework? E.g., bootstrap, materialize, etc.?
mattmcmurray: <http:\/\/getbootstrap.com|getbootstrap.com> 
mattmcmurray: <http:\/\/materializecss.com|materializecss.com>
mattmcmurray: Class was pretty boring. Nothing super important. I feel like only one slide was really worthwhile 
jorell: <@steve>: suggested than instead of having a check an x, we can have pass and fail or A+ or F
jorell: haha
jorell: study
mattmcmurray: Hahah yeah I like that
evan: Can we incorporate gold stars anywhere too for that elementary flair?
jorell: That coulde be party of our rating system?
steve: :+1: 
mattmcmurray: Guys, this is going to be the best SE2 project OF ALL TIME
jorell: YEAAAHP
jorell: I like how materialize looks
jorell: I really dont want to deal with CSS too much.
keanek: I messed around with Bootstrap a bit at my last work term.  But all of the css was written previously, I was just calling it as necessary.
mattmcmurray: Bootstrap and materialize are super similar. Basically they just provide pre-written CSS and JavaScript that you can call. We can talk about it tomorrow or next week or something
jorell: So I have sqlite working with nodejs already.
jorell: haha
mattmcmurray: Prof recommended sqlite today lol
mattmcmurray: I have a very simple demo API up on a branch on GitHub if any of you are curious to see what the routing looks like
mattmcmurray: <https:\/\/github.com\/MattMcMurray\/softeng2\/tree\/project_setup>
mattmcmurray: softeng2 - A project for Software Engineering 2 at the University of Manitoba
jorell: I have a small app on my laptop that does database stuff using Sequelize.
jorell: I\u2019ll add to this testing Sequelize.
mattmcmurray: Excellent
jorell: apparently var keyword limits a variable\u2019s scope to its module
mattmcmurray: You can export it. Something like `export = { myVar }`
jorell: if you don\u2019t use var, it becomes global.
mattmcmurray: I'd have to check the docs, but I think it's possible 
jorell: its weird..
mattmcmurray: Oh yeah that sounds familiar 
jorell: I went and created channel\u2019s for the topics that we might need.
jorell: this way, we\u2019ll have things more organized and it wont be a cluster fuck when we want to look for something specific. haha
jorell: <@mattmcmurray> was your hello world app working?
mattmcmurray: Yup. It only responds to ajax requests though. Use postman or a similar chrome extension to send a get request. Full instructions are in the readme
steve: i uploaded a first draft of the vision statement. it's not my best work but its something
steve: i write in a very verbose way so it's a bit longer than 1\/2 a page, but it should be pretty easy to cut down. i just wanted to address all the points we wrote down
jorell: Ahh, the ajax request was my problem. I was just accessing the routes through the browser.
jorell: lol nvm. I wasn\u2019t adding \/api =))
jorell: I was just straight up localhost:8080\/
jorell: Yo, so I
jorell: \u2018m just gonna straight up push to the project_setup repo. I forgot to make a feature branch. haha


steve: <@jorell> you coming today? 
jorell: To what <@steve> 
steve: The meeting today at 2;30 in resource room
jorell: I didn't know there was a meeting 
mattmcmurray: All good man, I'm tired af and want to go home anyway. We'll meet on Monday to finalise detailed user stories


steve: alright so i dont at all understand how to use vagrant and shit.
steve: i downloaded it and unzipped it with 7zip and then went into the folder and did vagrant up and nothing happened.
mattmcmurray: I'll bring my laptop tomorrow and we can work through everything together. 
jorell: Yeah I'm not using vagrant as well :)) osx ftw
mattmcmurray: If you've got a computer you can use any Unix system on, you can just run that setup script there. I dual boot into Ubuntu most of the time 
jorell: Oh yeah. That i know. Haha 
jorell: Meeting tomorrow at 2:20?
evan: I'm back in Winnipeg now, I'll probably stay up for a while to catch up with what I missed here. I had some poor experiences with vagrant with this ucosp project, but you're saying you made a setup script for UNIX systems <@mattmcmurray>?
jorell: The setup script is for installing node and its dependencies <@evan>
evan: Sweet
jorell: on a unix system. haha
evan: I've got an Ubuntu VM on my surface so I should be good to go
jorell: :computer:
mattmcmurray: <@evan> I channelled my inner James and wrote a shell setup script lol
mattmcmurray: <!channel>: You definitely don't need to use vagrant, it's just my favourite tool. If you want just a vanilla VirtualBox VM, that will work just as well!
evan: He'd be so proud :')
mattmcmurray: Man, I learned a ton from James. We both really share an interest for security
evan: I might try vagrant out again because I like the idea of it, but there was just an issue for those running Windows 10 this weekend. Apparently there's an existing bug with the ansible provision or something.
mattmcmurray: Yeah, I'm actually troubleshooting that now lol
mattmcmurray: fucking windows 10 has been nothing but nightmares. Shoulda stuck with 7
evan: Yeah he's a smart guy, great to work with
evan: I know... It's been a pain for some dev work on the surface, but the UI is so much better on the surface than 8.1
evan: I just do most of my dev on the surface in the Ubuntu VM anyways 
mattmcmurray: Yeah, I really like the look and feel of Win10, but it's just been a nightmare as far as compatibility goes. It made my gaming keyboard unusable for my desktop... :disappointed:
evan: I learned a lot of sweet terminal extensions for Linux from James to make Linux dev a delight
mattmcmurray: yeah I didn't know about `sudo !!` before James showed it to me
mattmcmurray: And i exclusively use terminator and oh-my-zsh now
jorell: Man, I\u2019m rewritting my resume haha
jorell: I lost my word copy for it.
jorell: So Im totally just redoing it.
mattmcmurray: <@jorell>: Did you have any trouble with sqlite3? When I try to run the server I get\n```\nvagrant@precise32:\/vagrant$ node server.js \nmodule.js:340\n    throw err;\n    ^\n\nError: Cannot find module 'sqlite3'\n    at Function.Module._resolveFilename (module.js:338:15)\n    at Function.Module._load (module.js:289:25)\n    at Module.require (module.js:366:17)\n    at require (module.js:385:17)\n    at Object.&lt;anonymous&gt; (\/vagrant\/database\/databaseTest.js:3:15)\n    at Module._compile (module.js:435:26)\n    at Object.Module._extensions..js (module.js:442:10)\n    at Module.load (module.js:356:32)\n    at Function.Module._load (module.js:313:12)\n    at Module.require (module.js:366:17)\n    at require (module.js:385:17)\n    at Object.&lt;anonymous&gt; (\/vagrant\/server.js:11:1)\n    at Module._compile (module.js:435:26)\n    at Object.Module._extensions..js (module.js:442:10)\n    at Module.load (module.js:356:32)\n    at Function.Module._load (module.js:313:12)\nvagrant@precise32:\/vagrant$ npm install sqlite3\n```
jorell: install sqlite3
jorell: it looks like its not installed?
mattmcmurray: When I try to install sqlite3 I get a multi-hundred line stack trace
jorell: hmm..
mattmcmurray: ends like this \n```\nFailed to execute '\/usr\/bin\/nodejs \/usr\/lib\/node_modules\/npm\/node_modules\/node-gyp\/bin\/node-gyp.js build --fallback-to-build --module=\/vagrant\/node_modules\/sqlite3\/lib\/binding\/node-v46-linux-ia32\/node_sqlite3.node --module_name=node_sqlite3 --module_path=\/vagrant\/node_modules\/sqlite3\/lib\/binding\/node-v46-linux-ia32' (1)\nnpm ERR! Linux 3.2.0-23-generic-pae\nnpm ERR! argv \"\/usr\/bin\/nodejs\" \"\/usr\/bin\/npm\" \"install\" \"sqlite3\"\nnpm ERR! node v4.2.4\nnpm ERR! npm  v2.14.12\nnpm ERR! code ELIFECYCLE\n\nnpm ERR! sqlite3@3.1.1 install: `node-pre-gyp install --fallback-to-build`\nnpm ERR! Exit status 1\nnpm ERR! \nnpm ERR! Failed at the sqlite3@3.1.1 install script 'node-pre-gyp install --fallback-to-build'.\nnpm ERR! This is most likely a problem with the sqlite3 package,\nnpm ERR! not with npm itself.\nnpm ERR! Tell the author that this fails on your system:\nnpm ERR!     node-pre-gyp install --fallback-to-build\nnpm ERR! You can get their info via:\nnpm ERR!     npm owner ls sqlite3\nnpm ERR! There is likely additional logging output above.\n\nnpm ERR! Please include the following file with any support request:\nnpm ERR!     \/vagrant\/npm-debug.log\n```
mattmcmurray: gonna keep troubleshooting
mattmcmurray: thinking it might be a vagrant issue, gonna try on local machine
mattmcmurray: yup, was a vagrant issue... Weird
jorell: So no to vagrant? haha
jorell: or are you going to keep trying?


evan: Hey team, it totally slipped my mind that I have a standing biweekly meeting with Andrea Bunt at 230 starting tomorrow for my industrial project class, and then I've got Physio right after. I'm gonna have to miss another meeting, please let me know if there's something I can do, I don't like missing two meetings in a row.
mattmcmurray:  I also won't be able to make it. I've completely lost my voice and my head is pounding. All that's left is detailed user stories. If you guys need anything, I'll check slack periodically but I'm gonna try and sleep this cold off. Sorry guys 
mattmcmurray: <@jorell> I'm gonna try just using a normal virtualbox VM to see if that works better today
mattmcmurray: Okay, so looks like npm and vagrant don't get along well. So it's probably best to just run a normal Ubuntu VM. Does everyone know how or should I try and find a guide somewhere?
evan: It's pretty straightforward, I think everyone should be fine.
mattmcmurray: Yeah, I figured everyone would have a pretty good idea. If anyone needs help, just holler. I got an ubuntu VM working on Win10 this morning and the sample project on the github repo worked well
evan: Should we all use nodeenv to make a virtual environments for node? Might save some headaches with node dependencies.
jorell: Isn\u2019t it only useful when you have other node projects going on?
mattmcmurray: Yeah, if we're running VMs I don't think it would really serve any benefit
mattmcmurray: If you're running on your local linux machine, then I'd say go for it, but otherwise it just might be an extra step
jorell: Atleast I\u2019m assuming nodeenv works similarly to virtualenv for python
mattmcmurray: Yeah, I think that's what it's based off of
evan: That's true, if our VM is specific for our project then it's unnecessary
evan: Not sure if anyone was using a preexisting single Ubuntu VM though
jorell: I would have used nodeenv if I knew it existed :stuck_out_tongue:
evan: I might use it, only because I don't want to set up another fresh VM to save time setting up my basic environment again
mattmcmurray: word
jorell: So we actually have to figure out what CI tools we want. haha
mattmcmurray: I've never used any, but Travis CI is the one I see the most
jorell: we\u2019re saying Travis CI for now
mattmcmurray: Sounds good
jorell: Pushed what we did this meeting.
mattmcmurray: Awesome. I'll make sure everything looks good and submit to d2l sometime tomorrow
jorell: suhweet
mattmcmurray: Go team :100: 
steve: can someone who knows what why we chose the technologies, go over the Technologies.txt document. I feel like some of the justifications are not great... (NodeJS server reason: sequelize)
steve: there's also no reasoning for sqlite
evan: I can make some additions to that
steve: ok dont do it yet though. im about to commit some edits
jorell: Ill add things to sequelize.
jorell: I kinda chose that.
steve: ok i just committed
jorell: Make your changes first <@evan> 
evan: I'm waiting for a bus right now, I'll make the changes in about 30 min
steve: can i delete the detailed stories for the 3 big stories that we aren't going to be doing in iteration 1. I thought you guys said you were going to delete them but then nobody did?
jorell: Yeah
steve: Ok last 2 things: \n1) has anyone read the vision statement yet? Its in the admin docs folder. \n2) Can we remove the \"As a user,\" from the start of every Big user story? That's not how users speak, it doesn't add anything useful (they're called big USER stories) and i could've sworn braico said not to include that in your stories???
jorell: I have, I thought the vision statement was pretty good. And yes, I agree to that.
evan: Hey <@steve>, I think you only half completed a point
evan: About node that is
evan: npm sorry
evan: \"- Already comes with NodeJS and it\"
jorell: Sorry, I think that was me. haha
evan: Oh I thought the blame said steve, nm
jorell: I think you can just remove the and it
jorell: haha
steve: It was probably me. I split some points into 2 points
evan: OK
steve: Just forgot to erase the bit in between
evan: OK I pushed some changes onto the technolgies.txt file
evan: @jorrell did you want to add something about Sequelize? I'm not familiar with that...
jorell: I\u2019m probably just adding a small bit.
jorell: Pulled your changes now. Also you spelled my name wrong :stuck_out_tongue: @Evvan
evan: Oh jeez that's embarrassing... I even did it wrong with an auto-complete menu
evan: I'm a jerk, I'm sorry
jorell: such a jerk
evan: It's like I intentionally tried to spell it wrong
jorell: I think I\u2019m actually jsut going to get rid of sequelize. Because if we talk about sequelize, I ahve to talk about express and body-parser as well.
evan: I'm cool with that
mattmcmurray: Same. I don't think we need to mention modules. Just core stack
evan: Yeah that's a good point
jorell: cool. I pushed the latest copy. haha
evan: I just read the vision statement, I think it's good, but I think this line should be the opener. It's too grandiose to be in the middle... \"Since the dawn of time, finding a study partner that is as motivated and intelligent as oneself has been a pain point of the post-secondary education experience.\"
evan: The big user stories and detailed user stories look good to me as well.
mattmcmurray: We need to get David Attenborough to read that and upload an audio clip of our vision statement
jorell: We missed our chance. He did an AMA last week.
evan: Maybe we can splice together some clips to form that sentence
jorell: he\u2019s probably used all those words on film
mattmcmurray: I'll get on it ASAP
evan: Perfect
evan: Is all we need now the project plan?
jorell: There\u2019s a project plan?
jorell: Oh cost and stuff.
jorell: We did cost and priority today.
jorell: I think the release plan we kinda skipped.
jorell: Wanna quickly discuss it tomorrow?
evan: I can't tell if it's something different, but yeah we should talk about it tomorrow
mattmcmurray: Yup
evan: In one part of the document he makes it sound like it's just the plan for iteration 1 (which would be the detailed user stories I'm assuming) but later on he makes it look like it's something different
jorell: Are you all going to class tomorrow?
evan: I'll be there
jorell: We\u2019re learning Java Spring!
jorell: YAY \/s
steve: ive updated the vision statement according to evan's comments. most of it's the same. the paragraph on line 4 has changed dramatically though
jorell: <@steve>: I like Study buggy better.
steve: it was an honest mistake


mattmcmurray: Are we meeting after class? I think I'm gonna skip to get some work done. Literally could not care less about Java spring 
evan: I CNT for a class after soft eng so I wouldn't be able to meet anyways.
mattmcmurray: We just have to finish detailed stories, correct?
steve: Detailed stories are done, we did them yesterday 
mattmcmurray: right, it was release plan we wanted to talk about 
evan: There's the project plan I'm not sure about
mattmcmurray: I'll come to class and we can chat 
jorell: Just come to the CSSA.
mattmcmurray: Kk. Class is done at 11:15. I'll come there right after 
caleb: I can't be there today, I'm not actually there :stuck_out_tongue:
mattmcmurray: Jorrell and I can figure it out. Ill make up for the work I missed yesterday 
caleb: sounds good :thumbsup:
jorell: Sooo
jorell: What do you guys think the \u201crelease plan\u201d is?
jorell: I\u2019m leaning towards which feature gets released in each iteration?
evan: Judging by the outline, I would say the project plan is \"detailed stories (at least for iteration 1) and their effort estimation per iteration\"
evan: So if we give our detailed user stories for the first iteration, it seems that covers it
evan: Because we included the costs and priorities as part of our detailed user stories
jorell: That makes sense. Well, matt and I did something like a release sched. I think we\u2019ll include that still just to be safe.
mattmcmurray: Everything should be good to go. I'm gonna make sure the folder structure looks good and do a once over for typos when I get home and submit to D2L. Do we have a group number?
steve: By the way, what kind of server are we using? I don't think I saw that in our technologies document? Are we gonna use Apache or does nodejs take care of that and I just don't know about it? 
steve: I think we're group G 
jorell: gangsta
evan: Express is what we're using for our server, it's typically what's used with node.
jorell: Isn\u2019t express just a library?
jorell: or like a node module?
evan: It's a node module for running a server
mattmcmurray: Express + Node is our server software 
mattmcmurray: Node can run a server on its own, express is way easier and more full featured though 
evan: Oh yeah that's right
steve: Is express in the document? If not can someone add it
mattmcmurray: I'll take a look when I get home 
evan: I feel like we should just change the header from NodeJS to NodeJS\/Express because they run hand in hand
mattmcmurray: Yeah, that's what I'll do 
mattmcmurray: So I moved all the documents into a `softeng2\/documents\/iteration0` to clean things up. And made sure all the filenames used underscores and lower-case letters, just for consistency. I removed the redundant \"As a user\" at the beginning of stories and added Express to the server description
mattmcmurray: anything else you guys can think of?
jorell: I can\u2019t.
mattmcmurray: There's no spot to submit in umlearn yet, I'll check again later tonight and email the prof if it isn't up by tomorrow at 9am.
evan: Sounds good to me


jorell: App name and tag line
jorell: Grader: Getting that A instead of the D.
mattmcmurray: **Gradr
mattmcmurray: &gt;&gt;&gt; Mathieu McMurray\n\nThis email is to confirm that Itr0 Submissions has received your file submission.\n\nReceived: Wednesday, January 20, 2016 11:44 AM CST\nOrg Unit: COMP-4350-A01 - Software Engineering 2\nFile(s): GROUPG_ITER0.pdf
mattmcmurray: Iteration 0 is submitted. We are good to go.
mattmcmurray: mergin iter 0 back into master branch and setting up iteration 1
mattmcmurray: dev server is up
mattmcmurray: <http:\/\/52.26.203.11\/api\/>
caleb: are we meeting today?
steve: I think so? We're just going to do it like scrum right? 
caleb: that's what I thought
mattmcmurray: I've got a meeting w\/ Lisa so I can't today. Sorry guys. 
jorell: Lets just scratch today\u2019s meeting?
mattmcmurray: We're pretty ahead of schedule. I think we should be okay skipping today 
caleb: kk


caleb: TIL that we need to add the prof and TAs to Trello
jorell:  haha true...
jorell: Am I missing anything?
mattmcmurray: Not really. Talking about software architecture. Pretty high level. Slides should be self explanatory


jorell: Are we meeting today?
mattmcmurray: I've got a doctors appt at 3 so I won't be able to
evan: I can't today
jorell: Cool cool.
mattmcmurray: <http:\/\/52.26.203.11\/> index page is working
jorell: I like it.
mattmcmurray: I got jade working nicely. And separated front-facing routes and api. We're basically ready to get cracking on features for iteration 1. 
jorell: Sweeet
jorell: There\u2019s a npm package that allows for real time changes, so you dont have to restart the server everytime
jorell: npm install -g nodemon
mattmcmurray: I generally edit in vim, so I have to exit the server regardless
mattmcmurray: unless I'm running multiple terminals
jorell: you are a true hipster <@mattmcmurray>
mattmcmurray: vim makes life so easy man
mattmcmurray: I install vim emulators on whatever text editor I use
jorell: lol
evan: Terminator man!!
caleb: <!here|@here> requesting code review for pull request, plz thx
mattmcmurray: <@evan> I have terminator installed on my machine, but don't wanna carry my laptop back and forth to school, so I'm stuck with what's on the school machines :disappointed:


jorell: Meeting tomorrow at 2:20 boys! We\u2019ll talk about what we need done for iteration 1 this week.
caleb: Also, we have made an executive decision that we will be using single quotes ' for strings instead of \"\n\nBoth work in Javascript, but we gotta have standards. Otherwise we're not better than the bad guys


jorell: Nice nice. 
jorell: Is this just a stub?
mattmcmurray: Yeah, just front-end. I created a new branch. Haven't pushed anything yet though
jorell: Cool. Caleb and I were trying to get passport working last night.
mattmcmurray: <http:\/\/52.26.203.11\/main> Grabs a new random cat gif every time you refresh
jorell: Amazing 
mattmcmurray: Heads up, apparently the cat pic API has some NSFW pictures...
mattmcmurray: The page is basically done, we just need to add AJAX calls when (dis)liking
mattmcmurray: and when rendering the page,  to grab a user profile
mattmcmurray: <https:\/\/github.com\/MattMcMurray\/softeng2\/pull\/8>
mattmcmurray: Mostly template and stylesheet changes. Simply replace static content w\/ content grabbed through AJAX calls when the time comes.
evan: Slick!
evan: I'd look at the pull request but I gotta go take notes for a class right now, see you guys in an hoour
mattmcmurray: No rush mang
mattmcmurray: Can you guys see the Trello board I created? Not sure if it was added to the team or not Trello board Iteration 1 - <https:\/\/trello.com\/b\/mpbIdgMg\/iteration-1>.
caleb: <@mattmcmurray>: yup, I can see it
keanek: Moving the get_started script in the main folder and running main.js in sudo gets the server running.  I can get to a login page :simple_smile:
mattmcmurray: Awesome. Yeah, that was dumb on my part to move it to a different directory. I'll change the script so it should work no matter what dir it's in
mattmcmurray: to get to the 'swiping' page, just append `\/main` to the end of the uri
mattmcmurray: <http:\/\/52.26.203.11\/main> Now grabs random user info from an API + Like &amp; dislike buttons make an ajax call to get a new user
jorell: I\u2019m just going to use btoa as our encryption
jorell: if that\u2019s cool?
jorell: nvm, using bcrypt.


evan: I won't be in class today, could anyone please let me know if I miss anything?
mattmcmurray: Will do
evan: Thanks man
jorell: You should Skype us in. Hah
mattmcmurray: Lol <@jorell> have you even come to this class more than once?!
jorell: Im going today. Just going to be late.
jorell: I need my booster juice.
mattmcmurray: Gotta get that bj
jorell: I was tempted to text my girlfriend that I was going to get a bj. Realized that it might not go so well.
caleb: scandelous


evan: If we're meeting today I won't be able to make it, I've gotta do some prep work for my lab tonight
jorell: I'll be right be there! I'm just dying after a run. Hahaha
mattmcmurray: Me and <@evan> will coordinate our parts and make sure they're done for Friday. Make sure to take meeting minutes today. 


caleb: <!channel>: I have a pull request for user creation, so that should be merged into itr1 soon. FYI there's currently no feedback with regards to if it succeeded or not
mattmcmurray: Cool! I'll take a look this afternoon. Good job, man
caleb: ^_^
mattmcmurray: <@caleb> please make sure you aren't hardcoding localhost as a URL
jorell: I said it was okay
jorell: What would be a better solution, <@mattmcmurray> ?
caleb: can that url be made a relative one?
mattmcmurray: Why not just use relative path? `url: '\/api\/NewUser'`
mattmcmurray: That way we don't have to do a ton of refactoring when we deploy to server 
jorell: That is true.
mattmcmurray: I'll submit the issue to github. Close it once the paths have been fixed
jorell: I\u2019ll make the fixes
jorell: I\u2019m about to make a pull request
jorell: But for the url that we\u2019re sendign the requests to, localhost is fine?
caleb: pretty sure that would need to change as well
caleb: well
mattmcmurray: No, that won't work. If the client isn't in the same machine as the server, it'll fail
jorell: I mean for now.
caleb: I guess ideally, we need it to know if it's running locally or not
caleb: but I guess we can do that later, when we deploy
mattmcmurray: But why not just eliminate technical debt right away?
mattmcmurray: Using relative path is standard 
jorell: I understand that.
jorell: Alright, will make the change.
mattmcmurray: Thank you 
jorell: Actually, what\u2019s a good way to handle the url to the server?
jorell: O
mattmcmurray: What do you mean?
jorell: because for the ajax call, we have $.ajax({ url: <http:\/\/localhost:80\/api\/something> \u2026.}
jorell: since this is happening client side, how do we indicate that where the server is?
jorell: so we can just do \u2026.url:\u201d\/api\/something\u201d...
mattmcmurray: JS knows what location its at already
jorell: It\u2019ll know where the server is?
mattmcmurray: So it will append `\/api\/something` to the domain
jorell: ahhh
jorell: did not know that. haha
mattmcmurray: So if its running local, itll append it to localhost. If its running remote, itll append it to the server's IP
jorell: makes sense.
mattmcmurray: And if you want to be explicit, you can do `window.location + '\/api\/something'`\n\nNot 100% sure about that syntax though, so maybe Google it if it doesn't work 
jorell: will do.
mattmcmurray: Thanks guys 
mattmcmurray: <!channel> meet tomorrow at the usual time to discuss progress? 
jorell: yup
jorell: Made a pull request
evan: Yup I can make that
jorell: <@keanek>: you said yesterday that you added fields to the users table. Did you commit push that?
keanek: I'll grab the new changes and merge them into my user table first.
mattmcmurray: <@jorell> <@caleb> : when a user logs in, is session stored anywhere? Like, is there a way for me to check that a user is logged in on the 'swiping' page
jorell: Not yet.
mattmcmurray: K cool. I merged the login pull request. Looks really good man
jorell: Just wanted to get something out.
mattmcmurray: Yeah, makes sense.
mattmcmurray: has anyone been able to get AUTOINCREMENT to work for primary keys? Sequelize keeps inserting NULL instead of an int value for me
mattmcmurray: since usernames need to be unique anyway, it's not a huge issue for now, but this could be a problem in the near future
jorell: I'll look at it when I get home. 
mattmcmurray: sounds good. Just submitted a pull request for getUser(). It's like 6 lines of code lol
steve: ship it
steve: how are we doing pull requests? should i merge it or what?
mattmcmurray: Actually I have to make another quick change first. But yeah, when I resubmit, if you think it looks good, just go ahead and merge
jorell: Ship it!
jorell: Why?
steve: forget you saw anything
steve: i was confused why there was no message \"site running on port ___\" when i ran sudo node main.js
steve: been sitting here waiting for it for like 5 minutes lol
jorell: Haha
jorell: Our app isn't that slow. :p
steve: lol yeah, its just that we don't have a message
steve: we had that at amazon, that's why i was so confused
steve: also, are our cat pictures not just cats anymore?
jorell: What are they? Boobies?
mattmcmurray: Also, I'm dumb. Sequelize DOES insert a primary key, it's just not listed in the statement that's printed to the console
mattmcmurray: crisis averted
mattmcmurray: <@steve>: should still be cats unless someone changed it
jorell: Lol 
steve: typical jorrell breaking all the rules
mattmcmurray: lolol I think it just pulls things tagged with 'cat' on google search tbh
jorell: The api goofed. But the message is oddly appropriate.
steve: yeah, looks like the api is just trolling
mattmcmurray: ok fixed my goof <https:\/\/github.com\/MattMcMurray\/Gradr\/pull\/24>
mattmcmurray: Simple RESTful api method. To get a user: <http:\/\/domain\/api\/getUser?user=username_you_want_to_lookup>
steve: nobody looked into the session stuff yet eh?
steve: i realize now that i kind of need that lol
mattmcmurray: not yet, I was thinking of doing that soon though. For now maybe we should just save a cookie with user id on login?
mattmcmurray: I'm gonna actually switch from what I was doing to session stuff
mattmcmurray: Work on making a stub for now with fake (static) data, and I'll let you know as soon as I'm done
mattmcmurray: user data will look something like \n```\n{\n  \"user\": {\n    \"id\": 1,\n    \"username\": \"mattmcmurray\",\n    \"createdAt\": \"2016-01-29T02:20:25.966Z\",\n    \"updatedAt\": \"2016-01-29T02:20:25.966Z\"\n  }\n}\n```\nWith some more keys in the future. Look at Keane's branch to see what he's got in the works as far as user data goes
mattmcmurray: okay, that was easy lol
mattmcmurray: Submitting a pull request for session storage right meow
jorell: Noice
mattmcmurray: K done and done
mattmcmurray: definitely not even close to secure, but YOLO
jorell: Fuck security. We like to live dangerously.
mattmcmurray: OWASP can lick my balls
jorell:  Hahaha
mattmcmurray: Mostly done the backend stuff for user rating system
mattmcmurray: _another one bites the dust plays softly_
jorell: very nice
jorell: <@mattmcmurray>: Just looked at the session storage
jorell: =))
steve: hey guys, about our whole concept, are people going to only be able to match if they're in the same class or can anyone match with anyone?
jorell: I had the idea that they can match with anyone.
jorell: They just decide who might be a good study partner.
steve: do people actually study with people who aren't even in the same class???
steve: im a solo studier, i don't understand study buddies at all tbh
jorell: haha
jorell: Maybe? Probably like people with the same study habits.
jorell: I\u2019m adding validation to user sign up.
jorell: <!channel>: made a pull request


mattmcmurray:  sometimes I study with my friend who's training to be a paramedic. For me its more about accountability
mattmcmurray: Following <@evan>'s suggestion from monday, let's think about [mocha](<https:\/\/mochajs.org\/>) as our testing framework
mattmcmurray: welp, that formatting didn't work..
mattmcmurray: (Mocha)[<https:\/\/mochajs.org\/>]
mattmcmurray: That either apparently
jorell: Running a bit late. I'm omw.
caleb: hurry, before we sit on all the chairs
mattmcmurray: Granted access to repo to prof and markers so we're good on that front
evan: I've got the like\/dislike button working now for hard coded data, right now I'm passing IDs through the POST (since my like\/dislike table is based of user IDs). What do you guys think would be best, to keep track of the user IDs on the client side and pass that data through the POST or send the usernames through the POST and figure out the IDs on the server side to add the record to the table?
jorell: Integer ids?
jorell: Or username IDs?
evan: Integers
jorell: So from what I remember, when we display a user, the server sends the user\u2019s username.
jorell: So why not just use that?
evan: Well our primary key on the users table is the integer id, so that's what I use in the like\/dislike table. It'll have to be converted to an id at some point, but I'm thinking it would make the most sense server side
jorell: We should actually change the PK to username
jorell: cause its unique
evan: That's what I was thinking as I was typing it out.. I can do that
evan: I'm not sure if that's the best practice though, because in the real world, primary keys can't change and usernames should be able to be modified
jorell: that\u2019s true.
jorell: Very true..
evan: What does everyone else think?
steve: i think we should probably keep PK as the integer ID
steve: its already stored in the session and it seems easier
steve: actually, idk because getUser is done by username
steve: at the very least, we need username as a candidate key
jorell: That\u2019s what I\u2019m thinking. Keep username unique still but use the ID as PK
jorell: This way, we can still query user\u2019s via their username.
evan: Yeah we should add that constraint to the user model
evan: NM, it's already there
steve: btw anyone know if there's any parts of the code that user the getUser API call?
jorell: what
jorell: uses?
steve: yeah
steve: i want to modify it
evan: The get random user API route?
jorell: the get random user uses a different call.
jorell: it does User.findAll or something
steve: yeah
evan: I don't see the get user API route
steve: i just don't get why we have to do req.query.user
steve: when i could just put req.user and not have the username nested inside the 'user' field inside the 'query' field inside the ajax request
evan: I always thought with GET requests they were automatically put in the querystring
steve: oh are they?
evan: I think so
evan: And then for POST requests they were always in the body
steve: alright ill test it out and see
jorell: Yeah,
jorell: when you do \/api\/something?user=something
jorell: it automatically gets placed in req.query
steve: ah yes, you guys are correct
evan: Just sent off a pull request for liking\/disliking
jorell: I\u2019ll check it out when I finish applying haha
evan: Sweet
steve: so im not quite ready for a pull request yet since i need keane's updated user model stuff, but i finally got my remote branch up if you want to look at the profile stuff
steve: the branch is dev-steve
jorell: I
jorell: I\u2019m thinking of writing a script to fill our database with random users so that we can test the like\/dislike feature better.
jorell: Also, we should change like\/dislike to pass\/fail (just on the client side)


steve: alright so we have a serious problem with people doing the same thing twice.
evan: I think it was just a bit of miscommunication about the requirements for the tasks on Trello
evan: I thought each task for a given API call was a full-stack implementation of the feature, but others probably thought differently
steve: but like there was jorrell and caleb both did the username validation stuff, then keane and i both did the profile UI
steve: like we need a better way to alert everyone what we're doing so others don't do it too
evan: When we take out a task on Trello we should say exactly what we plan on doing (if the task name is unclear), and if you take out a task that seems overlapping with another persons task, you should get in contact with that person to ensure you don't replicate tasks
evan: It's important that we really utilize Trello and adhere to that to ensure we know what everyone is working on
steve: i guess the issue is that some of these trello cards aren't really developer tasks, there closer to user stories
evan: Yeah exactly
evan: When we plan the next iteration we should make sure that they're developer tasks
steve: pull request for profiles is up. note that i havent added all the fields yet, shouldn't be hard now though
jorell: Fields?
jorell: Database fields or user input fields
steve: user input fields
jorell: I\u2019m going to work on hiding the \u201cprofile\u201d tab in the navbar if you\u2019re not logged in.
jorell: While working on logging out.
evan: So I've got a SQL script that deletes all records from the users table and adds 200 users. It doesn't create the table, I didn't want to have to deal with separate schemas, so it still only generates the table when the server runs. SQL scripts can be run as `sqlite3 dbfilename &lt; scriptfilename`. Can I just push it onto iteration1 branch?
jorell: I dont see why not?
jorell: Made a pull request for logout.


evan: Are we meeting today? I'll be late if we do, I have a meeting with Andrea today for UCOSP.
mattmcmurray: Yeah, a wrap up and integrations\/testing planning 
evan: OK, meeting should only be 15 minutes, I'll be there after.
evan: Just a heads up for everyone, I have these biweekly on Mondays.
evan: I just made a commit to iteration1, I emptied out the database, added the script that you can use `sqlite3` to append to the tables if you want, and uncommented those sync operations in the models.
mattmcmurray: Sweet. I'm gonna try and do a deploy to my AWS tonight 
evan: I'm gonna look into making options when we run the server so filling the database can be a little more elegant than executing that sqlite3 command too
mattmcmurray: Added a folder for tests in `\/code\/server`
mattmcmurray: Writing a sample API endpoint test right now. I'll let you know when I'm done and it's working as expected
mattmcmurray: unit tests will be a bit different obviously, but Mocha's docs are great and there's lots of tutorials online
mattmcmurray: So the default assertion library that comes with mocha has a pretty serious bug in it right now, luckily you can plug in any assertion framework. After some research, <https:\/\/github.com\/thenativeweb\/assertthat> looks to be the most simple and powerful. It has C style assertions which I figured everybody would know. All this to say, make sure you run `npm install` when you pull down the new code to make sure you've got all the libraries you need.
mattmcmurray: assertthat provides fluent TDD.
mattmcmurray: Also, I'm going to add the test users to the database, commit it, then add it to the .gitignore so that the version in the repo always contains the test data
mattmcmurray: If you wanna keep local changes to your db, just `git stash` before the pull and `git stash pop` after the pull
jorell: :thumbsup:


evan: I've been having some issues executing raw sql files with sequelize and the sqlite3 packages, it seems that it doesn't like multiple sql operations in one string. Even splitting by semicolons and doing each insert separately is still giving me a sqlite formatting error. It's close though!
evan: I put out a pull request for processing arguments when we run our node script, right now it just has `--clear_database` and `--fill_database` options, but we can implement more as we see fit.
evan: Also I should note that right now it just focuses on the users table, we can alter the scripts to add test data for user_matches as well later on
jorell: Sweeet 
keanek: Tomorrow morning I'm going to start hammering away at the api unit tests.
evan: Just a note that I'm working on the like\/dislike api test


evan: Are we meeting today?
steve: I'd like to
mattmcmurray: I won't be able to make it unfortunately
jorell: Im at home dying 
evan: That's cool matt, I would like to meet too for anyone else who can
steve: Are you gonna come then Evan? 
steve: can someone at class tomorrow ask if we can just draw the UML diagrams????
caleb: we need UMLs for this iteration?
steve: damn
steve: that didn't copy well at all
jorell: lol
jorell: where did you copy this from?
steve: design section
jorell: there you go
jorell: you can uml
jorell: haha
steve: also, they will want access to our messaging so i suggest if you said anything you don't want seen, to delete it
steve: wtf jorell, i know? im asking if we need to use visual studio to make it or not???
jorell: I misread your original question
jorell: I thought you were asking if we can use a uml diagram
jorell: Question: Should we add the .sqlite file to the git ignore?
jorell: because everytime it chagnes we\u2019d have to commit it.
steve: you don't have to commit it
steve: just stash it
jorell: cool


caleb: <!channel>: who set up sequelize?
jorell: I did. What's up? <@caleb> 
caleb: we need something that pulls it all together
caleb: sequelize doesn't like requiring whichever other data models one particular model happens to require
caleb: we don't have any index like they describe we should have here: <http:\/\/docs.sequelizejs.com\/en\/1.7.0\/articles\/express\/>
jorell: Oh i didnt even see this page.
jorell: I can just work on this today. 
caleb: Okay. My only current problem on the issue i'm working on relies on that, so I'll shelve it until you're done
jorell: What is your issue?
caleb: I showed you last night
caleb: that screencap happens when I have two models requiring each other
jorell: Ahh 
jorell: Alright. I'll restructure sequelize asap.
mattmcmurray: I'm skipping class to work on the project. I'll prolly be in the resource room or CSSA 
caleb: i'm in the resource room right now
caleb: come there
caleb: empty except for max
mattmcmurray: Kk. I'll come right after HCI
jorell: Im also skipping class because I'm sick and going to work on the project.
steve: guys, we need to submit logs of what we're saying in this external tool. id recommend deleting anything you don't want the prof to see now
caleb: do we have a way to easily export from slack?
steve: i have no clue
jorell: <https:\/\/get.slack.help\/hc\/en-us\/articles\/201658943-Exporting-your-team-s-Slack-history>
jorell: Team Owners and Admins can access data exports from the Export Data page at <http:\/\/my.slack.com\/services\/export|my.slack.com\/services\/export>. Downloading an export When you request an export, Slack will generate a .zip file contain...
evan: I'll come to, resource room?
caleb: yee
evan: K, I'm still at home, but I'll be there a bit after 1130
jorell: Can I skype in?
evan: Missed my bus... I'll be a little late
caleb: <@jorell>: sure, once people get here I'll call you
keanek: We got 15\/15 on iter0!!!
caleb: woooooooo!
keanek: We are supposed to draw our arch sketch in class right now.
caleb: have fun!!!!!! ^_^
caleb: why?
caleb: like as an exercise?
keanek: prof wants to see if it is being done right.
caleb: is steve there?
keanek: No, he skipped cause doc appoint
mattmcmurray: kk I'll come down and help
steve: yeah sorry, im going to the doctor soon
mattmcmurray: Ok, UML is 80% complete. I'll finish it up, scan it, and put it in the docs tonight
mattmcmurray: So I have the 3 integration tests and UML diagrams tonight. My plate is pretty full, but that's a good chunk of what we have left to do
jorell: you da real mvp.
mattmcmurray: As for integration tests, basically I'm just going to test the API communicating with the DB. So it's only one seam (which is technically what integration tests are supposed to be). I believe the only unit tests that are left are logout() api method and direct DB interaction unit tests. Does that make sense?
jorell: Yeah, I\u2019m doing logout api and db interactions
mattmcmurray: perf
caleb: everyone come up after class
caleb: we're going to discuss a few major changes
mattmcmurray: <@jorell>: figured out what caused that red wall of text from caleb's branch
mattmcmurray: hot fixing and merging straight into iteration 1 now
caleb: :confetti_ball:
mattmcmurray: Just a head's up everyone, I won't be available after 7pm tonight
mattmcmurray: <@jorell>: I think you created the slack, ya? You'll need to export the messages and add them to the `\/docs\/iteration1` folder
jorell: Fo shizzi
mattmcmurray: Thanks snoop dawg
mattmcmurray: If someone can take a look at this before I leave at 7, that would be ideal. That way I can make changes if necessary. <https:\/\/github.com\/MattMcMurray\/Gradr\/pull\/45>
mattmcmurray: Test output is now piped to log files in test_output directory run_tests.sh does all appropriate set up and tear down for both unit and integrations tests
steve: Looking 
jorell: Forgot to say, I merged it alreay.
steve: That's why I couldn't find it l
steve: ol
mattmcmurray: lmao
mattmcmurray: Just finishing UML diagram rn
jorell: So I\u2019m running into a problem where I\u2019m getting a foreign key constraint failed
jorell: this is adding to the usermatches table <@evan>
mattmcmurray: do you have the latest version of iteration 1? That sounds like the problem I patched earlier
jorell: i do.
mattmcmurray: committing UML directly to iteration1 branch
mattmcmurray: <https:\/\/i.imgur.com\/vRF9b47.jpg>
jorell: I can\u2019t edit my user profile.
mattmcmurray: Lemme take a look
mattmcmurray: is the server spitting out any errors?
jorell: nope
jorell: I just can\u2019t enable the fields
mattmcmurray: here's the error in the chrome console `Uncaught SyntaxError: missing ) after argument list`, I'm sure it's an easy fix
mattmcmurray: give me 2 seconds
mattmcmurray: lol `\tconsole.log('couldn't update');` There's the error
jorell: lol yeah, I should have checked the console.
mattmcmurray: When caleb did a search and replace for `\"` to `'`, it messed that up
mattmcmurray: just need to escape the `'` --&gt; `\\'`
jorell: yeah
jorell: I need evaaan haha
mattmcmurray: I'll leave that up to you mang
mattmcmurray: I think he's in class or something? He should be back soon enough
jorell: oh that sounds horrible
evan: I'm here, what did you do get the error?
jorell: just adding a match
jorell: in my test
jorell: hmmm
jorell: im just realizing that it might not be the models fault
evan: Are the users you're adding in the users table?
jorell: yup
jorell: I\u2019m now trying to just add users
jorell: Its not the models fault.
evan: Not sure why else you would get that constraint error...
jorell: exactly
evan: What is it?
jorell: I think its the test
jorell: because I also am failing \u2018getUser'
jorell: User.getUser();
jorell: can anyone try writing a mocha test for db queries
jorell: even just one, I just want to see if its my dependencies
evan: I'll try
jorell: this is what I currently have.
evan: I'm getting that error too
evan: I'll investigate
jorell: Stupid sqlite
jorell: or sequelize haha
mattmcmurray: not gonna lie, sequelize has been nothing but a pain in my ass lol
jorell: yup
jorell: sorry
mattmcmurray: no worries man, there was no way we could have known beforehand
evan: I copied the SQL statement that it failed on and executed it in my sqlite client with no issue..
jorell: yeah, I tried liking and disliking using the app
jorell: with no issue
jorell: So mocha and sequelize doesn\u2019t play nice.
evan: I can't figure it out
evan: The weird thing is that if I add that same record and run the test again, it still executes both a SELECT and an INSERT. If the data is in there already, the INSERT should never happen.
evan: FUCK I figured it out
evan: sequelize is creating the database off a relative path, an empty database is being generated in the \/test directory, and the tests are using that, so there isn't any data in it
mattmcmurray: Lol
mattmcmurray: When in doubt, check relative paths 
jorell: lol
jorell: Good job <@evan>
jorell: that\u2019s why that .sqlite file is there.
jorell: So the slack chat exported as .json files..
steve: can you still kind of follow what was said?
jorell: kinda ish
jorell: i pushed it to rhe rpot
jorell: the repo
jorell: its in the docs


jorell: Who\u2019s submitting the iteration?
caleb: how do we submit it?
mattmcmurray: Don't the graders just fork the repo?
jorell: no idea.
jorell: haha
jorell: ah yes
jorell: it says at 4:00pm a snapschot of our repo will be taken
mattmcmurray: K cool
steve: Should we merge iteration1 into mainline or something? 
caleb: I'm pretty sure it's self-explanatory which branch is the one we want graded
mattmcmurray: <@steve> yeah I was planning on doing that, but I've set iter1 as the default branch so it's the one the markers will see when they snapshot. Maybe just merge into master to be safe though?
steve: Umm I don't have access to a computer at the moment, can someone else do it? 
jorell: Ill do it
mattmcmurray: Thanks jorell
jorell: I\u2019m going to spend a big chunk of the weekend refactoring our app.


evan: <@mattmcmurray>: I made an iteration2 branch off of master, could you make it default?
mattmcmurray: Yeah for sure


evan: Hey team I won't be able to meet today, I've got physio after my last class. Just to keep you guys in the loop I'm in the process of making a data access layer for both of our models, should be able to push the submission for review tonight.
mattmcmurray: Do we wanna postpone till Wednesday? Next week is reading week, so there's no tight deadlines
caleb: works for me
evan: I'm good with that
evan: I won't be able to stay too long because I have my lab at 3;30, hasn't been a problem yet though
jorell: Perf, ive just been messing around with refactoring our code so we don't have users requiring usermatches and usermatches requiring users
keanek: Wednesday is fine with me.
steve: ive got a pull request for a profile optimization and idiot-proofing the birthdate field if anyone is interested


evan: Are we meeting today?
jorell: If we are then I can't make it. I'm going to be working on machine learning. 
evan: OK, I wouldn't mind getting some input about my implementation of the data access layer, I'm not sure if I'm doing it correctly. If we can't meet I'll just push my branch later and hopefully can get some eyes on it before doing a pull request.
steve: I definitely think we should meet before we go on break for a week
evan: If we can't get enough interest we could still meet during the week if everyone is in town
steve: Well jorell is the only one who said he can't make it right now and he also won't be there in reading week. So I still want to do it now
evan: I took the silence as no one wanting to meet, I'll come though
steve: <@mattmcmurray> <@caleb> plz come we need to decide who's doing what, set a deadline and talk about front end tests
evan: Oh crap I have a meeting with Andrea I just remembered, I'll come by the resource room after
caleb: unfortunately, I'm not actually at school
caleb: but I'll skype in, if someone can host me
steve: Sure I can
caleb: let me know when you're ready
steve: Soonish. 
steve: Matt has the developer tasks that we decided on last time so it might be more difficult 
caleb: hmm, okay


evan: I pushed my data access branch for people to check out, everything works, I just need to refactor the tests. I'll do that before I do a pull request.
keanek: I can refactor the tests.
evan: Alright I'll do a pull request
evan: I just stepped out of my place, I'll do it in a bit
evan: I put out a pull request for my branch. I approved Steve's pull request so there are no other existing pull requests, and no current merge conflicts with iteration2 branch. I'm hoping this can get looked at\/approved soon due to the large potential for merge conflicts due to some relatively big changes to the code. Let me know soon if there are things that should be changed.


mattmcmurray: Hey guys, sorry I haven't put in much work for this iteration yet. OS is taking more time than I thought it would. I'll put in work this week for sure 
steve: <@evan> made some comments on your pull request.
steve: everyone else, i added the tasks we talked about at the meeting to trello
evan: Thanks <@steve>, I pushed some revisions.
jorell: Are we only allowing the users to choose 1 course?
steve: on their profile? it's freetext, so i figured they'd just list all their courses
steve: its not like we match based on courses so they can list as many as they want
keanek: I meant it to be a pseudo list, like Steve said.  Too much trouble making it a real list with db tables and all.
jorell: Cool cool.
jorell: <@evan>: are you doign user ratings?
steve: i am
steve: check trello
jorell: I should.
steve: ok


caleb: I've got a pull request up for the deleteUser call


jorell: I should have my feature up tonight.
jorell: Pull request up.


caleb: iteration 2 deadline has been pushed to midnight of friday, as opposed to 4:00
evan: Did we settle on what information we wanted for each user on the matches screen?
evan: I should be able to push my feature by tonight too
mattmcmurray: I don't think we ever finalised it
mattmcmurray: I think maybe name, school, classes, and GPA were discussed
evan: I have a card view set up right now, should we include a picture too?
evan: Cards only make sense to me if there's a picture, but I know we didn't want to emphasise pictures so I can scrap that idea.


evan: I made some comments on your pull request <@jorell>, I also think we both worked on one same part (user matches UI)
evan: Wait nm, the code for user match list looks pretty bare bones, I guess you just did up a skeleton
jorell: Yuuup. 
jorell: Sorry I failed to mention that i was working on it as well, <@evan>. I needed it for user match profile.
jorell: <!channel>: marks for iter1 are up. We got 2 points off.
mattmcmurray: Out of how many?
keanek: 25
mattmcmurray: So 92%? I feel good about that 


steve: important change: you need to deploy your front-end on a server too
steve: we already did that though right?
mattmcmurray: Yeah. I just need to update it to the newest iteration


evan: Are we meeting today?
evan: <!channel>^
steve: Yes
mattmcmurray: <!channel> resource room was full. Went to Linux lab
caleb: ahhhh


keanek: I tossed together a json parser for slack logs.
mattmcmurray: Nice man
mattmcmurray: Ive gotta run home after HCI, apparently the alarm is going off. If you guys talk to the prof after class about using selenium to test jQuery, lemme know what he says 
steve: So I asked the prof about jquery issues. He said it should work with mocha. I asked if we could just use selenium and he said that it's not really the same thing if we use selenium 
steve: We can make an appointment with the marker if we want to try and figure out why it won't work
steve: He also mentioned Jasmin as another testing thing we could try
steve: But yeah, we need to figure out why it won't work... 
caleb: dang
jorell: Im going to be a bit awol today. I did not realize that tonight is coop deadline.


evan: Hey guys I won't be able to meet today, I've got a bunch of prep work I have to do for my lab tonight
mattmcmurray: No worries man
mattmcmurray: <!channel>: Head's up, as I was writing tests, I noticed that birthdate isn't being set when submitting profile updates. I think something might be weird with AJAX call or API method. If someone has time to look into it, that would be awesome
keanek: I pushed a hotfix to the iteration2 branch.  Profile updating was asking for a username from an uninitialized variable.
keanek: I pulled Jorell's code from the repo and made a few changes to it.  Should I just push it to his original branch?
jorell: Sure


mattmcmurray: Missing class again today to work on front end tests. Let me know if I miss anything important
mattmcmurray: Sweet thanks man
keanek: Jenkin's demo next class as well.
mattmcmurray: Cool. I'll make sure to be there for that one
evan: Now that Jorell's branch is merged I'll work on mine, I was hoping to do it at school but I forgot my flash drive with my VM on it. I'll have to work on it when I get home, shouldn't take too long, should have a pull request up before dinner time.
evan: (It's already done, just gotta change a few things to merge nicely with what Jorell did)
mattmcmurray: Cool. Gonna try and do server deploy tonight as well as finish front end tests
mattmcmurray: Guys _please_ stop committing `study_database.sqlite`, it's making merging a living hell :disappointed:
mattmcmurray: Latest iteration 2 is live on server <http:\/\/ec2-52-26-203-11.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com\/main>
caleb: \"this webpage is unavailable\"
caleb: ah, there we go
caleb: now it's live
mattmcmurray: interesting, I'm able to view it
mattmcmurray: gotcha
caleb: didn't we used to have feedback when you tried to make an account with a name that already existed?
caleb: right now it does nothing
mattmcmurray: Any message in the console?
mattmcmurray: ```POST <http:\/\/ec2-52-26-203-11.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com\/api\/NewUser> 500 (Internal Server Error)send @ jquery.min.js:4m.extend.ajax @ jquery.min.js:4(anonymous function) @ signup.js:17m.event.dispatch @ jquery.min.js:3r.handle @ jquery.min.js:3\nsignup.js:38 Object {username: \"Username is already taken.\", password: \"\"}``` I'll look into it
mattmcmurray: so it looks like the error div was removed from the template? I'll hotfix
mattmcmurray: ok fixed <https:\/\/github.com\/MattMcMurray\/Gradr\/commit\/e51aea00aa31ae79759d4d6e839ab7d77d34bcf1>
mattmcmurray: So what's left? I'm done with frontend tests, deploy is done. Is it just finishing up nightwatch then?
caleb: I still want to do some more with nightwatch. but I don't believe that would do anything to prevent the build we put on AWS
mattmcmurray: Yeah no need to have all the tests on the server. 
mattmcmurray: All mocha tests are passing for me, which is great news 
evan: Made my changes and all tests still passed, opened up a pull request
mattmcmurray: I'll go take a look
evan: I also did a feature in my branch that bolds the link in the nav bar if you're on that page
mattmcmurray: nice
evan: It's in the gradr.js which I made as a base script for all pages
mattmcmurray: :thumbsup::skin-tone-2:
jorell: Suhweet 
mattmcmurray: Looks good and works well for me. Gonna run tests on my end and merge
evan: Cool beans
mattmcmurray: all tests passing, merging now
keanek: Uploaded chat logs to iteration2
steve: we need to meet tomorrow and talk about the plan for next iteration
mattmcmurray: Sounds good
steve: im starting it now, but we don't have any stories that we legitamitely wanted to do anymore, we hit everything already lol
jorell: Looking at the profile page, I really think we should add pictures. I was talking to evan and I\u2019d be happy to just use the cat image url that was displayed when they liked each other.
jorell: Also, messaging.
mattmcmurray: Messaging would be cool
jorell: The Jen and Greg team implemented their own so maybe it\u2019ll be esaier for us if we just found a library or something.
jorell: I am realizing that developing in NodeJS is like creating frankenstein monster.
mattmcmurray: That's really what most web dev is. Other, smarter people than me know how to build things better than me. So I take their things and smash them together 
steve: so here's the remaining user stories to choose from. maybe think about them before the meeting
steve: Communicate \nBig User Story: I would like a way to communicate with matched study partners after we both accepted each other.  Preferably it would be a built-in chat window.\n\nRejection\nBig User Story: I would like to see a list of all matches where I matched with a potential study partner, but they didn\u2019t match.\n\nSettings\nI would like to manage settings for my account like notifications and themes.\n\nLeaderboard\nI want a leaderboard so I can compete with friends for most matches.\n\nIQ Test\nI would like all new applicants to do an integrated IQ test.  The results should be stored in the in-depth information section of the profile.\n\nPicture:\nI would like to upload a picture to my profile so matched study partners can recognize me.


mattmcmurray: <!channel> send an itemized list of everything you've done so far to Steve. He needs to make a list for the markers
evan: Crap sorry guys I didn't realize we were meeting today, usually I get notifications for any activity in this slack and I didn't get any yesterday
evan: I'll get those to Steve right now
caleb: same as evan
caleb: sorry for missing everyone, somehow never realized that it was a meeting day


evan: Are we meeting today?
steve: I may be too overwhelmed with machine learning today 
mattmcmurray: I'm home sick, so it kinda works out
mattmcmurray: At home sick, not homesick lol
evan: That's cool, I could use the time to work on graphics
jorell: Soooo
jorell: Everyone get the softeng email?
mattmcmurray: this is great news
mattmcmurray: &gt;&gt;&gt; No code review\/bug report requirement for itr3. Also you implement the Android interface for your own project not the other teams. \n\nHadi
steve: Holy shit yes 
evan: That is the best news!
keanek: Just saw the email.  This iteration just got a lot better.
caleb: woah
steve: just to let you guys know, he also changed the assignment so the android app has to support our iteration 3 stories as well...


caleb: Meeting today? Feel like we should
mattmcmurray: I think so
evan: I'm good to meet
jorell: <http:\/\/socket.io\/get-started\/chat\/>


steve: im going to start the android app mmkay?
caleb: mmkay
mattmcmurray: u da real mvp
steve: ugh android deprecated their old http libraries and the new ones are so convoluted
caleb: I beliv in u stev
steve: thx your belief pushed me to figure it out
steve: it works now, it's just ugly as hell
steve: but it's fast
steve: so my android stuff should be pushed sometime this evening. i've got it making the login http POST, i just need to figure out what to add to the gitignore before i commit. ill do that later
jorell: There's <http:\/\/gitignor.io|gitignor.io> 
jorell: <http:\/\/Gitignor.io|Gitignor.io> tells you what to ignore for certain projects 
steve: i've committed the android app. if someone has some time, try running it. right now, the only feedback for whether or not the sign in worked comes from some System.out.print() statements
steve: <https:\/\/github.com\/wenchaojiang\/AndroidSwipeableCardStack>
steve: AndroidSwipeableCardStack - A tinder like swipeable card stack component
steve: im leaving this here so i can find the link in the future.


evan: <https:\/\/hacks.mozilla.org\/2011\/03\/the-shortest-image-uploader-ever\/>
evan: This looks like a clean and easy implementation to have users be able to upload profile pictures through our app and have them hosted on imgur through their API.
evan: Android may be a bit trickier, but I'll investigate that some more
steve: I would argue it should be the user's problem to upload the photo and we'll just display it
mattmcmurray: Yeah, I tend to agree with Steve. Itll make our lives a lot easier 
evan: It's definitely easier on us, but it does make it less user-friendly though
steve: Tinder doesn't even have a native upload. You have to upload your photos on Facebook 
evan: We can say we're better than Tinder then!
evan: If I'm the minority on this, we can pass on it though
keanek: I'd say it's something to look at if we have time.  


jorell: I\u2019m running into a problem here\n\n```\nUserMatchDB.prototype.getMatches = function(userId) {\n    return DBConnection.query(\n        'SELECT um2.liker_id as userId FROM user_matches um2 WHERE um2.liker_id IN (SELECT um1.likee_id FROM user_matches um1 WHERE um1.liker_id = :userId AND um1.likes) AND um2.likee_id = :userId AND um2.likes',\n        { replacements: { userId: userId }, type: DBConnection.QueryTypes.SELECT } ).then(function(users) {\n            var ids = []\n            for(var i=0; i &lt; users.length; i++) {\n                ids[i] = users[i].userId;\n            }\n            return ids;\n    });\n};\n```
jorell: ```\nTypeError: Cannot read property 'SELECT' of undefined```
jorell: this is happening in ```DBConnection.QueryTypes.SELECT```


steve: Why is the naming so inconsistent for the JSON returned from \/api\/randomUser???????
steve: We have firstname, lastname (all lowercase) then we have generalDescription, helpDescription (camelCase) and then we have userID (don't we generally write it as userId with a lowercase D)
caleb: well that's terrifying
caleb: Did a bit of graphics work today. Since it's hard to see from pull requests, I'll demo it at the meeting tomorrow and merge in from there


steve: i have another complaint about \/api\/randomUser
steve: so the DB stores the user's ID in the variable named 'id' but then in the json we return it with the key 'userID'
steve: so now with my userBatch API call that gets a set of users at once, I either have to go into each user and change their key 'id' to 'userID' to be consistent, or just leave it confusing and inconsistent
steve: im probably gonna leave it inconsistent
evan: Are we meeting today?
jorell: Probably just something quick?
evan: Cool
caleb: Kk, where? can't use the resource room this week
evan: Linux lab?
steve: Yas
jorell: yeah, im here already.
jorell: yuuuus
caleb: sounds good
caleb: does someone have a microUSB with them?
mattmcmurray: I have to meet with my HCI group, so I can't make it. Sorry guys
steve: soooo i found a bug in the repo im using for the swiping page...
steve: buuuuutttt the good news is that i found a way that makes it so a user would never notice.
steve: except there might be occasions where there's one person left you need to match with, and they won't show up
steve: everyone, just to let you know i committed a change that will cause the android app to crash upon sign in to remind whoever is using it to change the hard-coded address for the server to their own host address. i didn't want anyone to be stuck debugging for a while only to realize that's the problem
steve: also, swipe page is finally \"done\" thank god


caleb: you da man, stevar
keanek: The next three lectures after today for softeng are guest lectures.
jorell: oh my god
caleb: time to never attend class again, wait in earnest for Brianna's quizlet notes?
caleb: welp, nvm. Mandatory attendance, bonus marks for asking questions, testable material
mattmcmurray: Ugh
steve: <!channel>: starting the matches page on android


steve: just pushed basic ViewMatch page


jorell: Going to start working on the database for \u201cchat\"
mattmcmurray: <!channel>: who made the logo? And is there any chance I could get an SVG copy?
jorell: Caleb did.
caleb: Svg copy?\n    
mattmcmurray: Yeah. What software did you make the logo in? Photoshop, GIMP, Illustrator, etc. allow you to export to SVG
caleb: Ahh. I need to see if I still have that
caleb: I used <http:\/\/paint.net|paint.net>
mattmcmurray: Don't worry about it man. I was just curious, cuz it would be cool to be able to modify the logo according to different colour schemes, but I found a work around
caleb: Okay. I can still change the color with that file, if you still want that
mattmcmurray: Nawh s'all good mang


mattmcmurray: Meeting?
mattmcmurray: I don't have anything to say, but I'm down to meet up if y'all want
caleb: I'm about to walk home, in Frank Kennedy right now
caleb: Anything that needs to be discussed? I still know my priorities right now
evan: Can you guys come to Montreal? Steve jorell and I are there
mattmcmurray: Oh ya lol
mattmcmurray: I r dum
caleb: Hehe


mattmcmurray: I know you guys are mostly out of town, but web themes are done when someone has time to look it over <https:\/\/github.com\/MattMcMurray\/Gradr\/pull\/62>
mattmcmurray: Gradr - A project for Software Engineering 2 at the University of Manitoba -- Group G
caleb: Similarly, android registration page is now working, pull request created


steve: hey guys, am i the only one who feels absolutely fucked for this iteration?
steve: its due friday at 4 which means we literally have 3 nights
steve: and I've already put in probably over 25 hours into this app, trying to make sure api calls work and shit
steve: and we still need to get profiles, ratings, chat and customization done in android and then test it.
mattmcmurray: I'm done web themes. I can help out with android
steve: like we're really fucking behind. there's no way in hell we're doing images this iteration
steve: i feel like we need a feature freeze (with the exception of android chat because keane's blocking on that until jorell finishes web chat) like tonight so we can start testing android
mattmcmurray: That's fair. Wanna meet up briefly after class today?
steve: like the team? that might be a good idea
evan: I can handle android themes, I've already got it started. I can begin looking into testing what we have so far with robotium as well.
evan: I can't meet after class though, I notetake for a class right after soft eng
evan: What's the status on web chat?
jorell: <@evan>: chat is working when both parties are on the user match page.
jorell: Im going to implement the database for it tonight.
caleb: I can meet after class
mattmcmurray: Quick standup outside the classroom or do we need to find a room?
steve: Standup should be fine? 
mattmcmurray: That's what I was thinking
evan: Yeah I'm good for that
caleb: Sure
mattmcmurray: &gt;&gt;&gt; Good afternoon,\n\nDue to the timing of co-op interviews and the CS games, we've fallen a little behind on our iteration 3. We were hoping it would be possible to get an extension on the deadline for the iteration. Many of the other teams were also crippled by interviews and team members leaving the province for the CS games. Anything would be helpful and would be greatly appreciated.\n\nThank you in advance,\n\nMathieu
mattmcmurray: I'll let you know what he says ASAP 
steve: Soooo the 2 marks we lost were because the marker didn't match with anyone? 
steve: That seems unfair, we implemented them, but he didn't figure it out
keanek: It is kind of hard to force a two way match with directly altering the database, with all of our fake test data.
caleb: Do we want to contest it?
mattmcmurray: I think it would be worth talking to the prof about it
mattmcmurray: I wouldn't submit a bad review to the play store because I didn't match with anyone on tindr
keanek: Just wait until after he responds about the extension :)
mattmcmurray: Lol definitely
mattmcmurray: Okay nightwatch tests for customization are done and pushed. Pull request is ready. \n<@keanek> I can't figure out why persistence wasn't working for you. Try deleting the sqlite file and repopulating db to see if that helps. Let me know if it doesn't work.
evan: Looking at the code it doesn't make sense to me either, the sync() method should be called to change the User table schema. I'm on my way home now so I'll test it out on my end too.
mattmcmurray: Thanks mane
evan: Keane was right, turns out that `sync()` only performs a `CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS`
evan: So I think we have two options, we can include migration tools (<http:\/\/sequelize.readthedocs.org\/en\/latest\/docs\/migrations\/>) or set the option `force: true` on our `sync()` call which will overwrite the table
mattmcmurray:  Would forcing a sync cause any issues?
evan: I want to do option 2, but the only thing is that every time the server reboots, we'll lose all information in the User table
mattmcmurray: Is that an issue? Especially if we're filling it with data anyway?
evan: If we create a user and then reboot we'd have to create it again, but I doubt it'd be a big issue on our AWS instance since that server is not going to rebooted that often
evan: But if we're doing dev work locally we can just turn that flag off
evan: (`force: true`)
evan: I vote we still do option 2, having to handle different table schemas is something we don't have time for
mattmcmurray: I agree
evan: How fitting we had a presentation today about these issues haha
steve: So is the issue that we added fields to the user table? 
steve: If that's the case, can we add a string for imageURL so that were prepared for iteration 4 now? 
mattmcmurray: Yeah for sure. I'll do that right now and just commit directly to iter3 branch
steve: pushed viewing match ratings now
steve: hey, make sure when you guys make commits, you set the server's address back to the AWS instance
steve: alright, i pushed the rate user changes. im kind of going to be more hands off for this iteration, ive spent a lot of time on this app
mattmcmurray: Yeah that's definitely fair. Thanks man
mattmcmurray: &gt;&gt;&gt; Hi Mathieu\n\n\nUnfortunately the deadlines are fixed and the same for everybody. Changing the deadlines now will have consequences on the next iteration and seminar dates that we can not afford. \u00a0\n\nPart of the learning objectives is for you to manage risks as well.which means finding the best way of offering more limited features but in high quality.\n\n
jorell: welp
caleb: :disappointed:
mattmcmurray: I tried 
caleb: do we kick and scream about iteration 2 marks now? :stuck_out_tongue:
mattmcmurray: We can do it. I believe in us
jorell: Super close to finishing the changes to the chat feature.
jorell: I\u2019ll finish it tomorrow morning. I need to do coop research.


evan: I hit an unexpected hurdle last night that really slowed me down so I couldn't get android customisation done yet, but I'll get it done tonight and start implementing robotium tests as well. Sorry guys.
mattmcmurray: All good. I'm staying home today to work on the project
mattmcmurray: I've checked out \"Create profile viewing page in Android\" on Trello. Just to make sure there's no confusion, that's to view OTHER peoples profiles, correct?
steve: I already did that oops
mattmcmurray: Lol k good thing I double checked
steve: Unless that's for viewing your own profile in which case Caleb's doing it
mattmcmurray: Yeah Caleb has the \"profile settings\" page
mattmcmurray: so all that's left is caleb's page and chat then? If so I'll start taking a look at junit tests I think
steve: I guess so yeah 
mattmcmurray: Cool. Testing it is
keanek: I'll gather my junit tests up and push it to the repo, so you can see what I've done so far.
mattmcmurray: Awesome. Thanks man
mattmcmurray: I can also write the report for this iteration
keanek: I converted all of my tests to instrumentation tests, as they are more useful to testing our code.  I found a link for trying to mock HTTP calls <http:\/\/codrspace.com\/bsphere\/unit-testing-android-http-connections\/>
keanek: The branch is it3\/KK_Android_Unit_Tests
mattmcmurray: :thumbsup: I'll go take a look and I'll let you know what I write tests for so that we don't double up by accident
mattmcmurray: <@keanek>: how do you run tests in Android Studio again? It's been a while since I've used it
keanek: Create a Config (for some reason my AS is not creating them automatically), I'm making them as individual classes at the moment.  Should be a drop down about 1\/3 of the screen from the left, next to a green run arrow.
mattmcmurray: k cool
mattmcmurray: k wrote some tests for UserImagePair, going to try and write some for the GetRequester and PostRequester using that link you provided
keanek: I'll do some for DownloadImageInBackground
mattmcmurray: sounds good
keanek: Use androidTestCompile instead of instrumentTestCompile, I get less errors that way.
mattmcmurray: Kk
mattmcmurray: this mock http library is amazing
mattmcmurray: I wish I knew about this during my first coop term
keanek: I ran into some trouble with the download image, since it requires an imageview.  I'll look into trying to unit test it, but it might not work.\nGlad the link was useful.
jorell: So I\u2019m trying to drop a table
jorell: its not working ..
jorell: trying with sync([force=true)
keanek: sync({force=true}) drops the table and rebuilds it.  Could you just use sqlite3 to drop the table?
mattmcmurray: K done the test cases for the stuff I mentioned this morning. I branched off of <@keanek> 's branch, so I'm gonna submit a pull request to merge with your unit test branch and when you're done your tests, everything can be merged back into the iteration3 branch. That make sense?
keanek: Okay, makes sense.
mattmcmurray: Cool. I'm gonna do that then I'm rushing to school to try and make it for OS
jorell: Weeeeew
jorell: Chat is working now. I\u2019m pumped.
keanek: Awesome.  


evan: So I've pushed what I have so far for Android customization (branch is `it3\/EH_Android_Customization`), I added an option to the ActionBar which can select the same styles as what Matt did for web, and those persist through Activity changes. Right now it just changes the look of the ActionBar and the background image, but I have it set up so other elements can easily be changed easily. I haven't sent out a pull request yet because the app doesn't actually save user preferences since that hasn't been merged into iteration3 branch yet, and profile page isn't there either, so I'll have to wait on those. The hard part is done though (setting up themes based off of inheritance so attributes of each of the activity\/fragment layout files can be changed dynamically at runtime), so once those are finished, the customization options can be done quickly. I'm going to start looking into Robotium tests in the mean time.
jorell: Dude were you up all night?
caleb: Profile page is successfully loading content right now, working on the saving. Hopefully will be done soon, then you can apply your changes
keanek: Android chat is running.
caleb: [thunderous applause]
caleb: good job guys :thumbsup:
evan: <@jorell> Almost
mattmcmurray: Let's do a quick standup after class again today to figure out what's left to do before handin tomorrow
caleb: UPDATE: profile page is now working for all values except for the date of birth, which requires a little parsing work
caleb: Saving works :smile: definitely not as tidy as i'd like, but it's functional, with some more things I'd improve in iter4
mattmcmurray: Which user stories should I mention for the last iteration? \nThese are the stories we haven't implemented yet.\n- Picture uploads\n- Viewing rejections\n- Leaderboard\n- IQ Test
steve: Pictures for sure
mattmcmurray: Yup. I was thinking pictures, rejections, and leaderboard (as low priority?)
steve: Yeah, makes sense I think 
mattmcmurray: KK cool
mattmcmurray: Am I good to merge web themes in?
jorell: I'll make a pull request for chat today.
jorell: <@keanek>: you can probably merge into ny branch first?
mattmcmurray: I've added team contributions for iter3 as well. Take a look and add anything I may have missed under your name
caleb: <@evan>: I've made a pull request for the profile page
evan: Cool
evan: I'll take a look later, I notetake for another class after this
caleb: cool cool
mattmcmurray: if possible, let's try and merge in all features tonight. Tests don't matter too much, but I wanna try and get the server deploy done before bed tonight
evan: Can do
evan: I can't see it being an issue for android customization
evan: The only thing is that I kind of have to wait until everything else is pushed in before I can customize the rest of the app
jorell: <!channel>: merge request is up for chat. This is for both me and <@keanek>\u2019s work.
keanek: Chat pull request also contains unit tests.
mattmcmurray: Hmm for some reason all my changes to the contributions vanished... There's some git black magic going on
jorell: :O
jorell: did I fuck something up? :
jorell: :confused:
mattmcmurray: No, I looked at the history and it looks like my changes were never actually committed. It's no big deal, I'll re-add them
mattmcmurray: ok all is fixed
mattmcmurray: <@jorell>: I'm going to commit nighwatch tests for chat directly to your branch
mattmcmurray: <!channel>: `module.exports` in front end JS causes errors in console but is necessary for testing. If you comment it out like someone did in `swipe.js`, all the tests will fail
jorell: <@mattmcmurray>: ayt
mattmcmurray: Ok I pushed nightwatch test for chat to the branch. There's a couple other random fixes for tests that were failing in there as well. Should be ready to merge.
mattmcmurray: I'm leaving for training soon, so I will be MIA for the rest of the night. I'll do server deploy first thing in the morning
mattmcmurray: all tests pass on Jorell's chat branch. Merging it into iter3 now


